[ET-1615] - Removed the locale param for PayPal JS SDK to avoid invalid local errors. (#2523)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Fix - Fixed the order of tickets in an event changing when you haven't manually requested it. [ET-1568]
* Fix - Fixed shared capacity tickets only showing the lowest capacity between the shared pool tickets. [ETP-815]

> * Tweak - Removed locale param for TicketsCommerce JS SDK as per PayPal recommendation. [ET-1615]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Removed locale param for Tickets Commerce JS SDK as per PayPal recommendation. [ET-1615]
```
